fix(#164): clarify that our vision if for German RSE unit (#195)
DE-RSE/2023_paper-RSE-groups: paper.tex

The focus is not put primarily on the establishment of RSE services in general, as this has been done already elsewhere.
Instead, we highlight central RSE units.
Motivation for their existence is discussed, underpinned by working examples both in neighbouring fields as well as outside of Germany.

> The heart of this paper is our vision of what a central RSE unit in Germany could look like, its structure, and the definition of nine core support modules such a unit may provide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The heart of this paper is our vision of what a central RSE unit in German academic institutions could look like, its structure, and the definition of nine core support modules such a unit may provide.
```

Suggested change to clarify that the vision is not about one central RSE unit for Germany

Reviewer 2: Good point!
